Update Iceberg configs on Snowflake (#6904)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

### Base location 

> Snowflake's `CREATE ICEBERG TABLE` DDL requires that a `base_location` be provided. dbt defines this parameter on the user's behalf to streamline usage and enforce basic isolation of table data within the `EXTERNAL VOLUME`. The default behavior in dbt is to provide a `base_location` string of the form: `_dbt/{SCHEMA_NAME}/{MODEL_NAME}`. We recommend using dbt's auto-generated `base_location`. 

Reviewer: Moving the recommendation down so it doesn't get lost at the end there
```suggestion
Snowflake's `CREATE ICEBERG TABLE` DDL requires that a `base_location` be provided. dbt defines this parameter on the user's behalf to streamline usage and enforce basic isolation of table data within the `EXTERNAL VOLUME`. The default behavior in dbt is to provide a `base_location` string of the form: `_dbt/{SCHEMA_NAME}/{MODEL_NAME}`. 
```

> However, if you need to customize the resulting `base_location`, dbt allows users to configure the base_location with the `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the default behavior, but if you need to customize the resulting `base_location`, dbt allows users to configure the base_location with the `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath`. 
```

#### Rationale

By default, dbt manages `base_location` on behalf of users to enforce best practices. With Snowflake-managed Iceberg format tables, the user owns and maintains the data storage of the tables in an external storage solution (the declared `external volume`). The `base_ location` parameter declares where to write the data within the external volume. The Snowflake Iceberg catalog keeps track of your Iceberg table regardless of where the data lives within the `external volume` declared and the `base_location` provided. However, Snowflake permits passing anything into the `base_location` field, including an empty string, even reusing the same path across multiple tables. This behavior could result in future technical debt because it will limit the ability to:

- Navigate the underlying object store (S3/Azure blob)
- Read Iceberg tables via an object-store integration
- Grant schema-specific access to tables via object store
- Use a crawler pointed at the tables within the external volume to build a new catalog with another tool

> To maintain best practices,  we enforce an input. dbt, by default, writes your tables within a `_dbt/{SCHEMA_NAME}/{TABLE_NAME}` prefix to ensure easier object-store observability and auditability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maintain best practices,  dbt enforces an input and, by default, writes your tables within a `_dbt/{SCHEMA_NAME}/{TABLE_NAME}` prefix to ensure easier object-store observability and auditability.
```
